📄 Antitrust policy [due 23 Aug] (#188)
commonhaus/foundation: policies/antitrust-policy.md

    - Limiting production or restricting supply

## Guidelines for Meetings and Communications

1. **Agendas and anti-trust questions**: All meetings should follow a prepared agenda as described in the [bylaws](../bylaws/3-cf-council. Potential anti-trust questions posed by the agenda should be raised in advance.
2. **Reporting concerns**: If at any time a member believes that a discussion or activity may violate anti-trust laws, they should immediately report their concerns to the CF Council or legal advisor.

## Participation in Foundation activities

1. **Open participation**: The foundation encourages open participation in its projects and activities. Membership in CF should not be used to exclude or disadvantage any individual or entity.
2. **Intellectual property**: Members should adhere to the [Intellectual Property Policy](./ip-policy.md), ensuring that participation in CF projects does not restrict competition or the free use of technologies.
3. **Governance practices**: Project representatives must ensure that the governance practices used by their projects adhere to this anti-trust policy.

## Handling Violations

> Any reported or suspected violations of this policy will be promptly investigated by the CF Council.

Reviewer: Is there a particular place suspected violations should be reported?

Author: `report@commonhaus.org`, as with all other things, I suspect. Want to lift that language from the conflict of interest policy and stick it in here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any reported or suspected violations of this policy will be promptly investigated by the CF Council.

### Reporting a Violation

Any suspected violations of this policy should be directed to the [report mailing list](https://github.com/commonhaus/foundation/blob/main/CONTACTS.yaml)
```

# Commonhaus Foundation Anti-Trust Policy

## Purpose

The Commonhaus Foundation (CF) requires that all members, activities, projects, committees, and working groups comply with applicable anti-trust laws.

## Scope

This policy applies to all participants in Commonhaus Foundation activities, including but not limited to general members, project representatives, councilors, and contributors to CF projects. It is designed to complement the [Conflict of Interest Policy](./conflict-of-interest.md) and other governance documents of the foundation.

## Commitment to Compliance

> By participating in official or informal CF activities, participants commit to upholding this policy and promoting fair competition.

Reviewer 2: "CF activities" is not clearly defined. Does this policy extend to the conduct of CF members and participants in every aspect of their lives?

Author: Would something like this work better?

```suggestion
By participating in any official or informal activities of the Commonhaus Foundation that are directly related to its governance, projects, or operations, participants commit to upholding this policy and promoting fair competition.
```
